feat: Create UCR for performance test harness (#1318)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/design/ucr/Performance-Test-Harness.md

E.g.:
- [approved](URL of PR) (2022-04-01)
- [amended](URL of PR) (2022-05-01)
-->

## Market Segments
- All

## Motivation
The EdgeX Performance Test aims to evaluate the efficiency of the EdgeX services in handling a large volume of data transmission from the south side to the north side in a manufacturing context. This use case is motivated by the need to understand how EdgeX performs under heavy data loads and to identify potential areas for optimization.

By providing the Performance Test Harness, users can execute the Performance Tests with their own hardware and devices environment to evaluate the capability of the system.

## Target Users
- System Developer
- System Integrator

## Description
The EdgeX Performance Test involves the south side generating a substantial amount of data and transmitting it through EdgeX services to the north side. This process aims to simulate real-world scenarios where data flow between manufacturing devices and backend systems is intensive. The observation of this data transmission allows for an in-depth analysis of EdgeX's resource utilization patterns.

## Existing solutions

> N/A

Reviewer: > How is the given use case currently implemented in the industry, with or without EdgeX?
> List and describe each approach. Highlight possible gaps.

Is this saying that people have no way to measure EdgeX performance right now? 
The purpose of this section is to highlight what people have to do to satisfy the requirement to be able to evaluate its difficulty and plan/prioritize/scope it within EdgeX.

I assume people have to write scripts to set up virtual apps and devices, produce synthetic data and ingest it into the system, then do some processing and measure the output. It is doable, but a lot of work. Within the EdgeX stack, Device Virtual, eKuiper, Record and Replay components can help in achieving the task.

Author: I meant there is no existing performance test harness officially provided by the community.  I listed the possible performance test approach to UCR now.

## Requirements
- A device / app-service profile template shall be defined that allows user to specify the device and app-services to be involved.

> - A configuration shall be defined that allows user to specify the number of device and app-services, server address, and etc. to run. ex. 10 devices per profile and 10 app-services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A configuration shall be defined that allows user to specify the number of device and app-services, server address, and etc. to run. e.g. 10 devices per profile and 10 app-services.
```
Ex. is the abbreviation for "exercise". 

This is also used in three other places below, lines 40, 42, and 43.

Author: Updated.

> - Tools for monitoring real-time resource utilization during transmission. ex. Telegraf, InfluxDB. The following resources will be monitored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tools for monitoring real-time resource utilization during transmission. ex. Telegraf, InfluxDB. The following resources will be monitored:
```

Author: Updated

    - Host metrics.
    - Services metrics. ex. app-service, device-services, core-services

> - A tool to schedule a one-time task at a specific time for generating report. ex. `atd` service

Reviewer: What is an "atd" service? Please expand the acronym.

Author: Updated

> - A script to use for retrieving metrics and generating report.

Reviewer: The UCR mentions south to north but then only speaks about device/app/core services. Will there be any need to evaluate the performance when a message bus or eKuiper or some other support service are in the loop?

Author: I added the requirement to allow users to additional services into the performance tests.

- System Integrator

## Description
The EdgeX Performance Test involves the south side generating a substantial amount of data and transmitting it through EdgeX services to the north side. This process aims to simulate real-world scenarios where data flow between manufacturing devices and backend systems is intensive. The observation of this data transmission allows for an in-depth analysis of EdgeX's resource utilization patterns.

## Existing solutions
N/A

## Requirements
- Prerequisite:
    - Prepare device and app-service profile template
    - Define amount of devices and app-services on configuration file, ex. 10 devices per profile and 10 app-services.
- Scenario:
    1. Setup devices or simulators on device machine 
    2. Generate devices and app-services based on templates and configuration file and put device and profile yaml files under /res of device-service
    3. Deploy EdgeX with core-services, device-service and app-service
    4. Keep the whole system running for a configurable duration, for example, 12 hours.
- Real-time monitoring of resource utilization during data transmission by tooling, ex. Telegraf with InfluxDB/Grafana
    - Host metrics

>     - Services metrics, ex. app-service, device-services, core-services

Reviewer 2: These are not in standard requirement form.
ie.
- A device / app-service profile template shall be defined that allows user to specify the device and app services to be involved.
- A configuration shall be defined that allows user to specify the number of device and app-services to run. ex. 10 devices per profile and 10 app-services.
- and son on...

Please reword these in standard requirement form.

Author: @lenny-intel Thanks. Requirement is updated.
